---
title: "Tractor-Trailer Accidents"
layout: page
titletag: "Tractor-Trailer Accident Lawyers Bennettsville, SC | Douglas Jennings Law Firm, LLC."
description: "The tractor-trailer accident lawyers at Douglas Jennings Law Firm, LLC, of Bennettsville, SC, offers experienced and strong legal representation. Visit us online for more information or call today at 843-479-2865."
permalink: "/personal-injury-overview/tractor-trailer-accidents/"
sitemap: true
titlebar: "# Tractor Trailer Accident Lawyers in Bennettsville, SC"
---

Truck accidents are some of the deadliest crashes on our roadways. The massive size of the semis all around us are so much larger and heavier than the vehicles that we drive that truck accidents tend to cause very serious losses, and the occupants of the other vehicles involved are far more vulnerable to serious injuries. If you’ve been injured by a truck driver’s negligence, it’s time to consult with an experienced Bennettsville, SC, [truck accident attorney](/).

## Negligence and 18-Wheeler Accidents

Accidents involving tractor-trailers are often caused by negligence on the part of the truck drivers involved. It’s important to note here that truck drivers are held to higher safety standards than other motorists are. Truck drivers are professional drivers who face hours-of-service restrictions that are designed to minimize the risk of drowsy driving accidents, as well as zero tolerance when it comes to impaired driving.

The primary forms of truck driver negligence include all the following:

- Failure to follow the rules of the road
- Failure to carefully check their blind spots before changing lanes
- Failure to leave a safe distance between their trucks and forward traffic
- Excess speed – in relation to the posted speed limit and in relation to conditions on the ground
- Aggression
- Exhaustion
- Failure to implement all required maintenance and safety protocols regarding their rigs
- [Impairment](https://www.nhtsa.gov/risky-driving/drunk-driving){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"} 

## Truck Accidents and Legal Damages

If you’re injured in an accident involving a semi-truck, your losses could be extremely high. The immense impact generated by these crashes can lead to catastrophic injuries, such as traumatic brain injuries and serious spinal cord injuries that require a lifetime of healthcare needs. In your truck accident claim, you can seek [compensation](/verdicts-and-settlements/)  for your losses in each of the following categories:

- Property damage to your vehicle and to any of its contents
- Medical bills, which – in the face of an accident this serious – are likely to reach far into your future
- Lost income, which could mean the inability to return to work at all and could also include an emotional component that’s based on the meaning many of us derive from our careers
- Physical and emotional pain and suffering, which can be difficult to overstate after an accident of this magnitude

Working closely with a capable truck accident lawyer from the outset will help to ensure that you receive just compensation that adequately covers your complete losses and supports your ability to regain your health and well-being to the degree possible.


## Turn to an Experienced Bennettsville Truck Accident Lawyer for the Help You Need Today

If a truck driver leaves you injured in a truck accident, the persistent and persuasive truck accident attorneys at Douglas Jennings Law Firm appreciate just how difficult your situation is and have the experience, resources, and legal know-how to help. We proudly serve the Counties of Chesterfield, Clarendon, Darlington, Dillon, Florence, Horry, Kershaw, Lee, Marion, Marlboro, and Williamsburg, and we welcome the opportunity to also serve you. To learn more, please don’t wait to [contact us online](/contact/ "contact us online") or call 843-479-2865 today.





